Seneca Polytechnic
School of Software Design & Data Science
SEP600 – Course Project Bonus – Winter 2026
Individual Deliverable Plan – Due Tuesday, Mar 10, 2026, 11:59 on Blackboard.
READ THIS: Academic Integrity Policy
https://www.senecapolytechnic.ca/about/policies/academic-integrity-policy.html
This includes but is not limited to the following:
1. Everything you put into your report must be your own work and you must be able to explain
how and why you put that into your report.
2. All code that you write must be your own work and you must be able to explain how and why
you put that into your code.
See citation section for GenAI use policy
This bonus potion of the project is designed to improve your grade as well as ensuring consistent
progress for the course project. The bonus grade will be calculated into the same category as the midterm and exam grade. ie. It’ll count towards the requirement of getting a weight average of 50% of
higher on the mid-term and exam to pass the course. The bonus grade is up to 5%.
All bonus milestone demonstration will be graded base on completion. No part mark will be awarded.
Instruction and Requirement:
1. Any group member who want to participant in the bonus mark activities must submit an
individual deliverable plan that clearly define all milestones deliverables that are tangible and
measurable, ie. Can be observed or measured with a simple Yes/No for completion. The
deliverables cannot be dependent or overlap with another group member’s deliverables.
2. Each milestone deliverable must be equivalent to at least 4 hours of work and must be
approved by the Professor. However, there are no restriction on the sequence in completing or
presenting the deliverables. ie. You can spend 20 hours of work and complete them all over a
weekend.
3. Only one deliverable will be marked per demo day. Each demonstration will take around 5
minutes on walking through the completion of your deliverable. No presentation slides or report
is required.
4. All milestone deliverables must be new work. All work or tasks completed before the milestone
presentation cannot be used toward the bonus mark.
5. Your milestones must lead to a course project that include all three of following requirement. No
bonus will be awarded if your completed project does not have all of the following. Each
milestone should show progressive integration of the requirements.

SEP600 – Course Project Bonus

Page 1

a) Connectivity to a server for data-logging: Connect your device to an online or local server
(not just to a text file) for data-logging. The server must also have a display to output the
data in a graphical format in real-time.
b) AI Interaction: Connect your device to an online or local pre-trained ML or AI model to
perform analysis or for decision masking. The response from the model must cause an action
on at least once external device (ie. moving a motor). You must be able to justify the use of
ML or AI. ie. Why do you need to use ML or AI instead of using conditional statement?
c) Digital-Twins: Connect your device to an online or local server with a graphical interface that
is configured to act a digital twins. The digital twins should be a duplicate of the physical
embedded devices with real-time synchronization on state and behaviour. ie. For a system
composing of a button and a LED, you can press the physical button or the virtual button,
and both the physical LED and the virtual LED should turn ON.
6. No late submission of milestone deliverables will be considered. Only one milestone will be
marked per demo day but the milestone does not have to be presented sequentially. ie. If you
missed your deliverable for demo #1, you may demonstrate milestone #1 for mark during demo
#2 but you cannot demonstrate both milestone #1 and #2 for 2 marks in the same demo.
Each deliverable must be provided with as much details as possible. Lack of details and below the 4-hour
scope such as “Connect the LED and make it work.” will result in not having your deliverable plan
approved.
Example of acceptable deliverables:
•

Sensor integration: Demonstration of integrating the MPU6050 sensor over I2C into my project
setup and displaying it’s reading in gravity unit “g” (2 hours) and integrating the MQ-2 gas sensor
and displaying it’s reading in “ppm” (2 hours) on the serial terminal.

•

IoT Connection: Demonstration of connecting my project to a server using a ESP32 module,
sending data to the server, and displaying the logged data on the server through a browser.

SEP600 – Course Project Bonus

Page 2

Individual Deliverable Plan (to be completed by each member who want participant in the bonus mark
activities). Use this table or create your own.
Deliverable
Bonus Milestone #1 [1%]
Demo: Mar 12 between 2PM-3PM in room A3058

Bonus Milestone #2 [1%]
Demo: Mar 17 during regular lab-time

Bonus Milestone #3 [1%]
Demo: Mar 19 between 2PM-3PM in room A3058

Bonus Milestone #4 [1%]
Demo: Mar 24 during regular lab-time

Bonus Milestone #5 [1%]
Demo: Mar 26 between 2PM-3PM in room A3058

SEP600 – Course Project Bonus

Page 3

